now we're going to have a little music
number two on the CD much number two on
the CD it's a big big world no it's easy
choosing lobster it's number six you're
such a good singer
do that again it looks like you're
eating the ground sorry sorry
please always my turn chime chime time
I'm not trying to remember mama because
y'all have to come together is one word
Emily says family Morrison says oh it's
baby you got the ping-pong because the
TV she's got the weed where's the Wii
Fit check the whole setup don't yes Oh
today it's actually the night time I
know I'm shocking off on the blogs here
start to piss me off
bogus okay yesterday I freaking deleted
it today I'm signing off
you don't even know where that's gonna
take me I could stop tomorrow but I'm
not gonna stop for six years I didn't
die because our computer sucks it's too
slow
you told me to what I told you when you
were well I got a part I gotta fire on
you know wasn't right to the face but
you know it was good you know this
little squeaker let's just think you won
I'm right here is disgusting
we're gonna go check here oh my god
where's Brock Brock oh there isn't okay
so I'm gonna get changed here and I know
most do you want to stay and watch this
but you know you can't you can't stay
and watch this because I would I really
would but there's a $5 admission fee and
then there's Chyna pornography and I'm
not really into that stuff you guys
might be but not me I'm not Brock are
you in here okay yeah so I'm gonna take
a shower get change you know I'll see
you oh there's me in the mirror anyways
get changed
I'm gonna get a shower and then I'm
gonna come hop into bed and I'm gonna go
to bed and then I'm gonna see you guys
in the morning
hopefully if I stop slacking I'll stop
slacking wack sorry